Gold is gold
There's still gold in this broken ground
This thing
Don't crash out
Hurry up and call someone
There must be more than this gold
Don't let anyone else take the lead
This behavior
Within a few hours
The news that there is gold on the barren mountain will spread through the village
One or two pieces of gold
Let the hatred of human nature be exposed
The villagers who witnessed the gold mining
Can't sit still under the temptation of a gold mine
Like an ant shot with light, waiting impatiently
Villagers who dug up gold
It will mobilize a family to secretly go up the mountain
It's human nature.
By then, the rumors were getting worse.
No more wages
There will be families of all ages who will come forward
Qi Qi went up the mountain to dig overnight
Or my nonsense
It was swapped.
Wonderful to hook the greed of human nature with gold
Let the whole village go up the mountain to mine
Burying gold all over the mountain
Let the people think that there is really a gold mine under this mountain
This not only saves land reclamation costs
It also allows villagers to go up the mountain to clear wasteland overnight
Son of Takashiro
You really didn't disappoint me
This count
Wonderful
Guys, this is not the foundation for the lamb to disappear
Your Majesty, wait a minute
This game is not over yet
On the contrary, the most dangerous place is just beginning
The most remarkable places have only just begun